# 🏖️ Holli
Holli is your personal AI travel planner, leveraging OpenAI's powerful language model to craft detailed itineraries for your trips.

## Technologies Used
- SQLite
- OpenAI API
- folium
- geopy
- spacy NLP library
- Google Image crawling with `BeautifulSoup` and `requests`

## Problem Statement
Travelers often have trouble planning their travel itinerary due to too much information and lack of time to plan. Therefore, Holli aims to solve this problem and help users plan their itineraries efficiently. By providing personalized and detailed plans generated by an AI model, it streamlines the process of organizing trips, ensuring a smooth and enjoyable travel experience.

## How to Run
1. Clone this repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yinyin13/holli.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd project-directory
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. Run the Streamlit app:

    ```bash
    streamlit run app.py
    ```

To access the web app directly online, go to [Holli](https://yinyin13-resume-helper.azurewebsites.net/).

## Reflections
### Lessons Learned
- Integration of OpenAI API in Streamlit with `st.session_state`.
- Usage of SQLite for database management within a Python application.
- Incorporating interactive web applications with Streamlit for user-friendly interfaces.
- Leveraging external APIs like geocoding, unsplash, and image search for enriched content.
### Challenges Faced
- Initially, implementing the OpenAI API posed difficulties as I didn't realize that the API key had to be stored in st.session_state.
- Optimizing performance, especially when retrieving and processing data from external sources like web scraping for images.
- Designing and refining the UI within Streamlit's component constraints